After Buddy gets kicked out of the arena, he hears the sounds of a struggle and Ferret calling out to him from an alley.

FERRET: Buddy! Help! Over here!

LEO (a Star mobster, possibly a lion??): Shut up and quit struggling, you little weasel. The boss wants a word with you.

FERRET: I’m no weasel, you ingrate! My kind are the most sophisticated of the Mustelidae. Not that the likes of you would know anything about sophistication. Buddy!

BUDDY: [Rounding the corner] Leave Ferret alone, Leo. He hasn’t done anything to you.

LEO: Buddy the Wolverine. What’re you doing playing hero? Last I heard, the boss pays your salary just like he does mine.

BUDDY: You’re behind the times, Leo. Big Star and I are done. Get your paws off Ferret. 

LEO: Or what? I don’t believe you’re as good as they say. Everyone knows Big Star’s matches are rigged. 

BUDDY: Keen to find out, you overgrown kitten? I win, Ferret goes free.

LEO: Done!
[After the match]

LEO: Fine! You win this one, Buddy. But your precious weasel can sleep tight knowing it’ll be a half dozen Stars coming for him next time. [He leaves]

FERRET: Oh dear, Buddy, what can I do? Those goons will be back sooner or later. And it’s not just me! They’re rounding up all of us! The Stars are planning some kind of big takeover. 

BUDDY: Everybody? You and Polecat and everyone?

FERRET: Badger, too! And Otter! The last time I saw Otter she wouldn’t leave the docks for fear of being caught. And Badger’s probably still holed up underground, muttering about taking the fight to them! It’s awful, Buddy, simply awful! 

BUDDY: Kicking me out of the arena, I can take. But nobody messes with my friends. Big Star’s had his way long enough. Now I’ve got skin in the game, Ferret. Now it’s personal. 

FERRET: I don’t doubt your prowess, my friend, after what you did to that mangy feline a few moments ago, but how can you take on Big Star’s entire gang by yourself?

BUDDY: I won’t be alone, Ferret. I’ll have my friends there with me. Otter at the docks, you said, and Badger holed up somewhere underground. Polecat will be sneaking around here somewhere, probably stealing something right from under Big Star’s nose. Let’s go find the others.